[ENHANCE] Specify points of interest by category (#5445)
ClanGenOfficial/clangen: docs/dev/writing/points-of-interest.md

Patrols and Short Events now have an additional constraint that can be utilized to include either a specific Point of Interest ID or tag. 

You can add this to any short event or patrol to constrain by Point of Interest. However, remember to constrain either via names or by category or by a single tag, but not by multiple at once.

~~~
"poi": {
    "name": ["name"]
    "tags": ["tag"]
    "category": "moonplace"
    }
~~~

## Using the Point Of Interest in a Sentence

> Using a system similar to pronoun tags, Points of Interests can be mentioned in Short Events or Patrols with {POI} followed by relevant information; either the Points of Interest's IDs, or tags or category for pools of points of Interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a system similar to pronoun tags, Points of Interest can be mentioned in Short Events or Patrols with {POI} followed by relevant information: either the Points of Interest's IDs or (for a pool of Points of Interest) category or tags.
```

> A Point of Interest can either contain multiple names, separated by commas OR a single tag OR a single category. Multiple tags or categories cannot be used, nor should you mix tags, names, or categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Point of Interest can either contain multiple names separated by commas OR a single tag OR a single category. Multiple tags or categories cannot be used, nor should you mix tags, names, or categories.
```
